PD-1662 / 25.04 / PD-1662-update-SSH-2-fa-tutorial (#3398)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/SystemSettings/Services/SSHServiceSCALE.md

Create and store SSH connections and keypairs to allow SSH access in **Credentials > Backup Credentials** or by editing an administrative user account. See [Adding SSH Credentials]({{< relref "AddSSHConnectionKeyPair.md" >}}) for more information.

> Note that TrueNAS shows an error if users active Global 2FA (Two-Factor Authentication) and attempt to enable a password-based SSH authentication witout a 2FA token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TrueNAS shows an error if users activate Global 2FA (Two-Factor Authentication) and attempt to enable password-based SSH authentication without a 2FA token.
```

Reviewer: Does this article discuss 2FA tokens? Is there another doc on enabling global 2FA/configuring the token that we can link to here for extra context?
